I made a ratemyprof account because I didn't realize there were people who thought Piyush was a bad prof until now. He is clearly very intelligent, and if you ask questions in lecture he won't hesitate to help. I'd assume that everyone who doesn't like him is just mad that he doesn't hand out free A's like other fsu courses. Textbook is free btw
One of the best professors in the subject. It's a class that demands a lot of your time, but that goes hand in hand with learning like no other.
There is a lot to go through in the materials of the course and is fairly occupying. But given no mid-term or finals and a project that is mostly practical for the real-world, I don't know why someone would not want to take this class.
I think most of these reviews on professor Kumar are unfair and probably stem from a lack of effort from the student. The lectures are honestly interesting and he shows a clear mastery of the subject. Pop quizzes do account for a large portion of the class but if you study they should not be a problem. No midterm or Final. This is not an easy class
"Ask Chatgpt" is Piyush Kumar's catchphrase. Nothing is clear in this course, the Canvas is outdated with assignments from 2023, communication is scarce, and don't expect feedback on your assignments. The "pop" quizzes are sometimes announced and require you to watch 6 hours of LinkedIn Learning videos and reading the textbook a week.
Dr. Kumar loves pop quizzes like a bad magician—appearing out of nowhere and leaving everyone confused. Asking a question feels like summoning a curse—he glares like you insulted his ancestors. If suffering builds character, this class will turn you into the main villain. Just ask my classmates—it already happened to one of them.
Please for the love of god do not take this class. The stories were true. This class is ridiculously hard for no reason. Many pop quizzes, no correlation between teacher and TA, hardly any communication...the list goes on. Expect to spend 30 hours per week on this class including breaks and holidays. This class has been a nightmare. AVOID!!!!!!