He is getting up there in age but hes not that bad. If youre able to go to the lectures he seems to explain the material fine and the assignments and exams are fairly straightforward and not too hard to get a good grade in the class. Attendance is extra credit too.
He is a very nice caring man and definitely knows his stuff. Lectures can be quite boring as he just reads slides and from the book. Extra credit for attendance. He's very happy to help though as sometimes things can be very confusing. 2 exams and 1 homework a week that don't take too long. There's also a final website project but it's not too bad.
I took Schwartz for 4710 and his AI class as well. Yes, his lectures are boring, but if you can force yourself through them, I found that everything he explains comes together just fine. He is a very nice guy and gives out plenty of extra credit. Homework and tests are straight forward. 4710 has an easy final web/SQL project. AI final is take-home.
Do not take this professor. You will waste an entire semester without learning anything about SQL. He simply reads off the slides and often doesn't even understand what he's reading. If you ask him questions, he won't know how to answer them. Avoid this professor at all costs.
Caring guy, helpful, instantly responds to emails trying to help as much as he can. However, his teaching style is not great. Just reads off slides and does not explain too well. Exams are fair and if you give it 50 percent effort that you give the rest of your CS classes you'll get an A.
Boring lectures and a lot of information given while reading out of textbook, but curves class at end and gives many opportunities for extra credit.
Avoid this class like the plague. It seriously sucks and Schwartz doesn't do a great job teaching the material. Homework is a chore and it isn't graded until the day before your exam so you don't ever receive timely feedback. The second half of this course gets insanely difficult out of nowhere.
Very boring presentation of class materials. He screenshares the textbook and just reads over it to you in class with no additional materials. Also, there have been at least 3 instances where he hasn't been able to host class on zoom because of technical difficulties etc. That being said, lots of extra credit opportunities and he is a nice guy.