DO NOT TAKE THIS PROFESSOR!!! Take the other one I beg of you. Sharanya is rude, her homework's are incredibly difficult for an intro programming course, she asks questions on the exams regarding the ram runtime stack which is ridiculous that she's asking a computer architecture question in this course. Please do not take her you will regret it.
Anyone that says she's bad is coping so hard. If you read the textbook and pay attention in the class, I legit don't see how you can't pass the course. Ten free points on exams, 15 on the final, plus we got tons of extra points on our final grade (>3). If you do literally the bare minimum you will pass. She is also super nice and clearly cares.
It's clear that she is very knowledgeable when it comes to programming, but I absolutely can't recommend her if you're just learning how to code. All three of the milestone exams are brutal, and the HW assignments will drain you. If you MUST take her, start the HW asap, go to office hours, practice code writing, and ALWAYS read before her lectures.
One of her TAs accused me of cheating (on an assignment I did not cheat on) and when I went to discuss it with her she was incredibly disrespectful, condescending, and refused to listen to me.
i see why my advisor warned me. DO NOT TAKE UNLESS ABSOLUTELY MUST. i took it for the love of the game and shouldnt have. my mood was ruined every time i stepped foot in her class. shes also very rude when students ask questions and in office hrs. tests are 2/3 of ur grade and are apparently not made of the content we actually learn!
She is great if you talk to her one on one, but I think the trauma of teaching an entry level programming class has made her view her students as opponents. Make sure you understand every part of what you are doing in the homework, it's the best way to study. Make sure you don't understand it too well or she will accuse you of cheating. Never again
Teaches poorly, very rude to students wanting to learn and even ruder to students trying to pass. Exams are weighted heavy and tests on niche details. Homeworks take FOREVER but, not as long as it takes her to grade. It is hypocritical for her to be late yet penalize so harshly on anything turned in after the due date. Avoid at all cost
Dr. Jayaraman COP 3014 was by far the hardest class I've ever taken in my life. Besides that, her teaching methods are fantastic, and if you wish to actually learn how to program, TAKE HER CLASS! Go to office hours regularly, ask her and the TA's questions, and you'll get through and be a fantastic programmer.
Few points... Finals week is finished and barely any grades have been put in at all. Exam average was an F with no curve. mind you, this is an introduction class. No amount of studying will prepare you for her. Insane amount of work. Avoid this class at all costs
Would not recommend. 4 “homeworks” are actually large projects with only about a week each; one took abt 12 hours. Tests are 66% of grade and hard to finish (MC, short&long answers, one long coding writing). Lectures were difficult to follow. You also calculate your own grade. I failed the course.